
-hibernate: Place the computer into hibernate mode (S4) (if the computer supports it).

-standby: Place the computer into a sleep state (if the computer supports it). What level of
sleep state (S0 to S3) the device goes into is up to Windows and the level of hardware
support.

-shutdown: Logoff, shutdown, and switch off the computer (if the computer supports it).
SyncBackSE cannot guarantee that the computer will be shutdown. Windows does a
shutdown asynchronously, meaning SyncBackSE can be told the computer will shutdown
even though something could stop that shutdown, e.g. Windows itself, another application, a
driver, a user, etc. If you do not have the access rights in Windows (e.g. you are not an
administrator) then this command will fail.

-shutdownforce: Logoff, shutdown, and switch off the computer (if the computer supports it).
Note that this will forcibly shutdown the computer, e.g. applications with unsaved data will be
forcibly closed. SyncBackSE cannot guarantee that the computer will be shutdown. Windows
does a shutdown asynchronously, meaning SyncBackSE can be told the computer will
shutdown even though something could stop that shutdown, e.g. Windows itself, another
application, a driver, a user, etc. If you do not have the access rights in Windows (e.g. you are
not an administrator) then this command will fail.

-shutdownhybrid: This is the same as -shutdown, except on Windows 8 and newer
systems it will perform a hybrid shutdown of the system. A hybrid shutdown prepares the
system for a faster start-up.

-logoff: Logoff (logout) from the current Windows account. Keep in mind that it will logoff the
user in the session it is run in. For example, a scheduled task will run in its own session if it's
set to run if logged in or not. So the -logoff switch will not logoff the current user. If the
scheduled task is set to run only if the user is logged in then it will logoff the current user.

-monoff: Switches off all attached display monitors. This is unlikely to work if the profile is run
from a different session, e.g. run via the task scheduler.

-reboot: Reboot the computer (if the computer supports it). SyncBackSE cannot guarantee
that the computer will be rebooted. Windows does a reboot asynchronously, meaning
SyncBackSE can be told the computer will reboot even though something could stop the
reboot, e.g. Windows itself, another application, a driver, a user, etc. If you do not have the
access rights in Windows (e.g. you are not an administrator) then this command will fail.

-rebootforce:  Reboot the computer (if the computer supports it). Note that this will forcibly
reboot the computer, e.g. applications with unsaved data will be forcibly closed. SyncBackSE
cannot guarantee that the computer will be rebooted. Windows does a reboot
asynchronously, meaning SyncBackSE can be told the computer will reboot even though
something could stop the reboot, e.g. Windows itself, another application, a driver, a user,
etc. If you do not have the access rights in Windows (e.g. you are not an administrator) then
this command will fail.
